Stabilize future-incompat-report (#10165)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/reference/config.md

[revision]: https://git-scm.com/docs/gitrevisions
[registries]: registries.md
[crates.io]: https://crates.io/

> ### `[future-incompat-report]`

Reviewer: Can this be placed alphabetically? That is, place this just above the `[env]` section.

> The `[future-incompat-report]` table controls setting for [future incompat reporting](../reference/future-incompat-report.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `[future-incompat-report]` table controls setting for [future incompat reporting](future-incompat-report.md)
```
